[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: So we're going to have to
do a bit of refactoring of many parts of
our app to actually get
this to work correctly.
So first thing I want to do,
we don't have to do this but
this is going to make things much easier,
we're going to move all of our shows to
redux, cuz that's just going to
everything way easier to deal with.
Then we don't have to be passing it around
everywhere.
>> Brian Holt: So
go to store.jsx,
>> Brian Holt: And
what we're gonna do here is we're
gonna add another require up here.
We're gonna say const shows
= require(../public/data).
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
then an initial state.
We're going to put shows in here as well.
So I'm just gonna say shows, right?
Remember that this works because
we were doing shows shows right?
But we can also just do that.
And then we also need to pass this
into all the connected props,
so we have to update
our map state to props.
So it's made for some multi-liner.
And we're gonna say
shows: state.shows.
>> Brian Holt: I did that wrong
initially but that's fine.
[LAUGH] My notes are wrong.
Again, this makes sense, what we've done
to redux here is now we're just passing
shows in with our payload,
with the rest of our state.
So the nice thing is we don't have
to be requiring shows everywhere.
And we can get rid of all that
boiler plate logic that was taking
advantage of that.
So let's go and refactor details first.
>> Brian Holt: So
save that, move to details.
>> Brian Holt: We're
gonna bring in our connector because
this is not a connected component yet.
This needs to be in curly braces.
>> Brian Holt: Require('./Store'), right?
So fun part is here,
instead of doing params,
what we're gonna do here
is we're just going to
say this.props.shows,
this.props.params.id.
So what we're
doing before is we're letting on enter
take care of this selection of a show, but
because now it's in redux we might as well
just use redux since it's already there.
So we just changed the right half of this
assignment to be this stuff probs.show.
This.props.params.id.
>> Brian Holt: And
now go down to your prop types.
This is going to be shows now,
>> Brian Holt: And
this is actually going to be an array of,
so I'm gonna say an arrayOf.
And I'm gonna say arrayOf(object),
which is required.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, and then we also need
to use our connector down here as well.
>> Brian Holt: So that should fix all of
details to use redux instead of
depending on it from onEnter.
Let's also go fix search
while we're at it.
Search will be pretty easy, which is nice.
Search.
So what we're going to do up here
is we're going to refactor this where
it says this.props.route.shows.
We're just going to delete route.
And here where it says route,
we're actually going to change
this to be the same thing.
Shows: ArrayOf(object), and
we just gonna bring that in
with our PropTypes as well
>> Brian Holt: That's it for search.
Since it was already connected right, so
we don't have to connect it again.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
any questions about what we did to search?
>> Speaker 2: They're asking,
can you go over how the show is
passed down to the details for
redux?
>> Brian Holt: Sure.
So we're using redux here, right?
So we have shows which we're putting into
our redux store when we initialize it,
and then never changing it right?
We're never touching redux or we're never
touching the shows after we put it into
redux, that's what I meant to say.
And then here,
we're doing map state to props.
Now anywhere that is a connected
component that we use with this connector
right here, is automatically going
to get shows pass into its props.
That's where that
automatically is showing up.
It's thanks to the magic
of reactRedux connector.
>> Brian Holt: Questions about that?
Does that make sense?
This is the same principles of how
we're passing around search term,
it's the same way we're
passing on the shows.
This is just another branch
of our redux state tree.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
let's go fix client app finally.
This is fun cuz we get to
delete a bunch of stuff.
In fact,
all we have to do is delete stuff.
So delete this, the shows part,
from the requires.
[SOUND] Delete shows from search.
So delete this part right here.
Delete assign show,
we don't need this anymore.
[SOUND] And delete assign show being
passed down here, on the onEnter.
So notice our client app just
got ten times more simple.
Which is pretty cool, right?
>> Brian Holt: So
that's what I like about redux.
By externalizing our state,
our react components get to be more dumb,
which is always a good thing.
You want your UI usually
to be pretty dumb.
>> Brian Holt: Any questions about what I
did to client app?
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
looks like people want to see details
again, so we'll hop over there.
Make sure you're saving
everything along the way too.
>> Brian Holt: So here,
we did connector to get
it connected to redux.
We added a propType as well and that
arrayOf to get the right kind of propType.
The only thing we changed up here,
besides this require up here,
it's getting the proper show from
this.props.shows right because shows
is being passed in this as a prop and
then we're using this.props.params.id.
This is the param,
this is the ID from the URL.
If you remember correctly,
that react router gives us.
And so we're just pulling it out.
This is not going to work
the way that I think it is.
Nope, okay, so.
>> Speaker 2: I think they're saying you
need to add a params to the propType?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
that's gonna be true too.
So yeah, I have to make this a little
bit more complicated than I wanted to.
So.
>> Brian Holt: This is
Science Show Business.
>> Brian Holt: So
I need to get this logic from here.
I need the same logic that I had up here.
So.
>> Brian Holt: That's
not what I wanted to do.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
that should be fine, go back to details.
The dangers of changing things
while you're writing them.
So if you put this here, I don't actually
want that, I want a signed show and
I want it to take it in an id.
And then I just want
this to be equal to id.
And I'm gonna do this
with this.props.shows.
Get rid of this replace thing,
I don't need that.
>> Sneezing Student: [COUGH]
>> Brian Holt: Bless you.
And then instead I'm
going to return showArray 0.
Equals, okay, so
now I want this to be
this.assignShow.
And I wanted to pass in
this.props.params.id.
Okay, so this is doing the same
logic that we were doing before but
it's going to filter it down to exactly
the one that we want, return that, and
that's going to be our show right here.
>> Speaker 4: Do you want to remove
the comma in there?
>> Brian Holt: This is not a, it is.
It is a class.
Thank you.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and then you also do
have to put params down here, I forgot
about that cuz it's still an object.
So, with a comma.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, that should work now.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
let's see what Linter
errors I'm getting here.
Nope, no Linter errors.
Cool.
So let's see if I successfully
externalized all the state.
>> Brian Holt: So let's go to home,
I'll search for house, for the house.
Okay, so everything moved successfully.
I'll cut a branch here in just a second.
>> Brian Holt: So yeah,
looks like that's all working now.
Is that working for some people?
Cool.
So I will push a branch in just a second.
Scott is making an observation that
one might think about a binding show.
The reason why that we don't need
to is because I'm calling it here,
which every time I'm in render it's gonna
be guaranteed to be the right context.
So this is always gonna be correct.
So I actually don't need to
bind in this particular case.
It's the callbacks for like on-change and
on-submit that you have to worry about.
Those are the ones that
are have to be bound.
So this one actually is okay as is.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
so we've successfully refactored to
move all of our shows into redux.
Any questions about that?
>> Speaker 5: Getting an unexpected
token with shows.
>> Brian Holt: What line?
>> Speaker 5: Line 35.
>> Brian Holt: On which?
>> Speaker 5: It's in details.
>> Brian Holt: Found it.
Cool.
>> Brian Holt: Other questions?
Make sense?
I don't think any new concepts
are necessary explored here,
it's just more applications,
more refactoring.
And again, I think it's good for you to
be able to see how you refactor react,
cuz half of our jobs is refactoring,
right?
That just happens a lot
when you're writing code.
Okay, we broke another
one of our redux tests.
Now our initial state one is not
gonna be correct anymore, but
hurray we're not gonna fix that right now.
[LAUGH] Okay